Agrument | This perfume ingredient is an aldehyde that is described to have a fresh, green and soap-like scent. It contains a slight citrus undertone and makes your fragrance long lasting. | Green, citrusy | Marine accord, Sweet pea, Freesia, Hyacinth (white), Jasmine, Grapes (Muscat), Musky wood accord
Aliphatic Aldehydes | Used to give the sparkle to Chanel No. 5, these ingredients in perfume are organic compounds found in natural materials that can be synthesized artificially. Aldehydes fragrances vary, but usually contain very pleasant floral or fruity scents. | Floral, fruity |Bergamot, Neroli, Aldehydes, Geranium, Iris (Orris), Jasmine, Lily of the Valley (Muguet), Rose, Tuberose, Ylang-ylang, Clove, Coriander, Patchouli, Sandalwood, Vetiver, Styrax, Vanilla
Amber | Amber oil has a very rich and warm fragrance, used in many oriental perfumes. Amber oil is produced from a fossilized sap of the Pinus Succubefera tree. | Rich, sweet | Sicilian Lemon, Apple, Cedar, Bellflower
Ambergris | This perfume ingredient is a waxy secretion that is produced in the intestine of sperm whales that ages into a sweet earthy scent. Ambergris is oftentimes produced synthetically as it’s illegal to sell in many countries. | Sweet, earthy | Lemon, Verbena, Peppermint, Violet leaves, Iris (Orris), Sandalwood, Ambergris
Ambrette | This ingredient in perfume is derived from ambrette seeds found in a type of hibiscus plant. Ambrette is commonly used as a substitute for true musk, due to its very similar musk-like fragrance. | Musky, earthy | Creed Aventus, rose, dry birch, Moroccan jasmine and patchouli, oak moss, musk, ambergris, and vanilla
Amyris | Amyris is a genus flowering plant found in Haiti or South America that has a sweet and woody fragrance. It is commonly used as a cheaper alternative to sandalwood in perfumery since its has a very similar aroma. | Sweet, woody | Lemon Blossom, California Orange, Amyris, Iris, Vetiver, Musk and Amber
Benzoin | This perfume ingredient is a balsamic-smelling resin from the Styrax tree found in Japan. Benzoin gives body to a perfume and usually has a rich fragrance that can smell like vanilla or balsamic making it sweetly seductive. | Rich, balsamic | cinnamic acid, benzoic acid, benzaldehyde, benzyl benzoate, and vanillin.
Bergamot | This citrusy perfume ingredient is obtained from the bergamot orange, primarily grown in Italy. Bergamot is a popular essential oil and perfume ingredient that has a very tangy and bright scent that is known to be very uplifting and refreshing. | Citrusy, tangy | Clementine and Green Mandarin, Mint, Jasmine Sambac and African Geranium, Vetiver, Violet Leaf, Musk and Patchouli
Black Pepper | Black pepper contains a luxurious and sensual scent that adds a bit of edge and complexity to a perfume that is both spicy and slightly woody. It is derived from the almost ripe peppercorns of the Piper nigrum vine. | Spicy, woody |  Creed Aventus, rose, dry birch
Calone | Calone is a synthetic chemical that adds a fresh water-like note to a fragrance. It has an intense “sea breeze” note with slight floral undertones. It is a very common perfume ingredient in water perfumes like Cool Water by Davidoff. | Watery, fresh | oils of lemon, orange, tangerine, clementine, bergamot, lime, grapefruit, blood orange, bitter orange, and neroli